Privacy Policy
SlitWire Studios Privacy Policy – January 8, 2017
SlitWire Studios, Koregaon Park, Pune - 411001 (“SW Apps”)
Games, services and websites provided on the respective platform (“SW' Services”, "Services")
Privacy
SW Apps respects the privacy of visitors and users to SW Apps' Services. Information collected from you by SW Apps is subject to the pertinent social network’s policy and information collected from you by third-party services (plugins) that are not owned or controlled by SW Apps. SW Apps has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party, from within the SW Apps and have no responsibility for its collection, storage and distribution if any under any circumstances. By playing the game, you may be granting your social network permission to share your e-mail address and any other personally identifiable information with SW Apps. If you do not agree, then you should not play SW Apps' games or submit any personally identifiable information through them.
Logfiles
SW Apps' Services may store data which is used to obtain technical and statistical information to improve the games.
Third Party Sites
SW Apps' Services may contain links to third-party websites that are not owned or controlled by SW Apps. SW Apps has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party websites. In addition, SW Apps will not and cannot censor or edit the content of any third-party site. By using the SW Apps' Services, you expressly relieve SW Apps from any and all liability arising from your use of any third-party website.
Modification of Privacy Policy
SW Apps reserves the right to change or modify the Privacy Policy at any time. We will attempt to give you advance notice of any substantive changes, but reserve the right to make such modifications immediately if required. If you use SW Apps Services after any of such changes become effective you are accepting the new Privacy Policy. If you do not agree, do not use or access (or continue to use or access) the Services. It is your responsibility to check if there have been changes to these Privacy Policy and to review such changes.
SW Apps is committed to ensure the confidentiality of personal information. If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at appkumar.development@yahoo.com.

